All right let's pull up questions index.blade.php
then copy everything inside this section content
back to the questions page
then replace this with previous markup
let's adjust the indentation a little bit then we need
to replace blade related code such as this link. For
now let's replace the links target to hash
and then for now let's replace this code with
a message let's say "All questions here".
All right let's save the change back
to the browser go to Home Page.
Now we have card header ask Question
button and all question here. OK
Now let's actually display all questions in here.
Let's switch back over to our editor. And here
let's undo a couple of times
OK
Here we go.
So here we don't need this message.
So let's get rid of that
then here we call forelse which basically for each
loop in a slightly different form. Inside here we
loop through the questions underscore excerpt.
So before we replace this blade code
let's see the excerpt. So let's pull open this file
and as you already known that this file
basically represents a single question.
So let's copy everything inside this file. Let's navigate
to js components. And . here let's create a brand
new component
here
I'm going to call it question item dot vue or
let me call it question excerpt dot vue
in here
let's add template then inside this
template just paste the previous code
OK
let's start from the easiest part. Let's select question
arrow then hit command+d to select other instances or control+d
If you're using PC.
after all selected let's change them to question dot
Next
here we have str_plural which will return plural
or singular word based on the number that we
specified.
The simplest way could be replacing this with just views
or we can keep it as it is and defined by ourself.
So let's go to script section
inside here
let's add methods
then inside this methods
let's define the str_plural
this method will accept two arguments.
The first one is str or string.
Then the second one is count or number.
In here we simply say return str plus parentheses
if count is greater than one we'll add s.
Otherwise just empty string
let's replace this dot php concatenation with plus
then let's replace all route calling in anchor tag
as well as in form tag with the hash for now
all right
The next thing that we need to do is replace this
can blade directive with the javascript code.
If you remember we have policies. So here we can
utilize this modify to authorize the update. And for
delete we can also use the modify but for
question it's better to use delete question.
So let's go back to question excerpt
then here
let's remove this can update question as well as this  endcan
then here we can simply say the v-if authorize modify question
let's do the same thing to this form
and here we'll say v-if authorize delete
question
question.
Next
let's select this
user arrow then replace with user dot.
So question
user url query
user name.
And last let's replace this excerpt method call with excerpt.
All right let's jump to script section
then define a props so props
colon array
question.
All right now let's go back to questions page.
Let's go to the bottom.
In here
let's add script
then here
let's import the question excerpt component that we just created.
Inside here let's add components and in this
components let's put in the question excerpt.
Let's also add data method and it's going to return an object
and inside here let's define a property that
we're gonna use to hold all questions.
So questions and we'll set it with empty array.
Now we can go back to our template
let's remove this forelse directive as well
as include an empty. Then let's add a div
and we'll say v-if questions length.
Then inside here we can loop through
the question exert like so questions
excerpt
v-for
question
in questions.
Bind the question with question and bind the key with question id.
Here we can add in this alert v-else. So if there's one or
more questions we will loop through all questions.
Otherwise we'll show this message.
Don't forget to remove this line
and reindent this.
Here for the pagination we'll be doing that in upcoming lesson.
So for now let's replace this with the comment.
All right.
Save all changes
Ups I get error.
So here interpolation inside attribute has been removed
So I cannot do this way
let me go to question excerpt
so let's replace this with class equals let's say status classes
let's jump to our script
then let's add computed and in here let's define status classes
and this method simply return an array
and it's contain status class and this question status. Let's save.
still got error
Okay here.
question user url in href
so just replace this with hash
also this one
Save
OK back to our browser and reload
here we have a message because currently we're not
holding any questions so now let's consume our API
in this component.